# Project Proposal
American football produces the most anticipated sports games each year. However, these fun and exciting games are always coupled with the risk of potential injury. Football has one of the highest rates of injury out of any recreational sport and players are forced to risk their bodies and their futures for the sake of playing the game. However, the risk of injury could be greatly reduced if an algorithm was created to predict injuries for the players based on their positions, the field terrain, previous injury history, injury possibility based on speed and direction, and the play called on the field. I have already found data sets on kaggle to potentially use for the project. The links are: https://www.kaggle.com/jaseziv83/an-analysis-of-nfl-injuries  (Links to an external site.)and https://www.kaggle.com/aleksandradeis/nfl-injury-analysis (Links to an external site.). The first link is coded with R and the second with Python. Classifying the players based on their positions and their history of injury, a model can be created and applied to determine their possibility of injury. Additionally, this could potentially be expanded to suggest an average predicted rehabilitation timeline for each player based on their injury and severity based on impact. Average rehab times can be classified together based on clusters formed by the type of injury for the respective player.
#Quantum Update
Following the development of the predictive model and the rehabilitation timeline suggestion, I have advanced this algorithm into a quantum circuit. With more data pouring in from injury records and player data, it is difficult for a classical computer to process and learn this data without crashing. Therefore, I decided to implement Grover's algorithm for searching in unordered databases and the Hamiltonian simulations algorithms for simulation to advance this algorithm into a quantum circuit to be analyzed via quantum-enhanced machine learning on a universal gate-based quantum computer. 
